all right class today is the final day
of the 1998 to 1999 school year so we
will pass out the behavior cards if I
give you a blue card you are the best
student in the whole school um you can
take a portion of the 1999 to 2000
school year off hope you're good to get
this card if I give you a Scott card you
were a great student um you get a month
off when the 1999 to 2000 school year
begins if I give you a gray card you
were a good student um you can get week
off when the 1999 to 2000 school year
starts if I give you a purple card you
did okay so that means nothing is gonna
happen but since it is the last day of
the 1999 to 2000 school year
you can leave school early if I give you
a son card you got in a little bit of
trouble and we will have a talk after
school but you still pass this grade so
don't worry just be happy that you
passed but if I give you a pink card you
will have detention for one hour if I
give you a brown card you are in deep
trouble and you get a detention for five
hours but if I give you an orange card
you are almost in dead meat um you get
suspended from this school now pay
attention to this card if I give you a
red card you are in dead meat that means
you have been the worst student in the
1998 to 1999 school year and you get
expelled and now I will give out the
cards to you some did great and the
others not good oh my god we got blue
cards this is the best day ever
yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes
yes yes yes yes yes MA
that's right Mario a sexy eight Wakko
wishes yes nor no go animate yes warrant
no one princess you were the best
students in my class go to the
principal's office to show your cards
yes me and Lilia the latter 199 God sky
cards that's right Eric and Lily delight
nine you did great so go to the
principal's office and enjoy your month
off yeri me Rosie and shadow project
still got great cards I guess we get a
week off right mr. B that's right
Simon Rosie and shadowed projects dog
you were good students in my class tell
the principal you got great cards me and
King Dan got purple cards okay you can
go to the principal's office and you can
leave school early and you've passed my
class never me Pat Martin and Jerry got
some cards it's okay
you still passed my class
we will have a talk after school okay
sure I'm still happy
no no no no no no no no don't don't no I
gotta think God die I'm a freedom you
have a detention for one hour what the
heck is this a run card not a brown card
no no no no no I do the world and Daver
you are in deep trouble you will have
detention for five hours I hope you
learn your lesson in detention oh my god
I can't get suspended from this school
but why because you got an orange card
and that's why you're gonna be suspended
from this school and what did I tell you
about making fake VHS openings Warren
Cooke get to the principal but mr. V I
want to go to 11th grade please don't
ruin my summer no your summer is ruined
already you will go to ninth grade when
the 1999 to 2000 school year begins
oh-oh-oh-oh oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh I got a
red card are you gonna give me another
chance
absolutely not Christopher K wants it
you have been the worst student in my
classroom the night you may lead to the
Magic Man you know in school you you're
expelled forever now go to the
principal's office right now
the four of us got blue cards princess
Wakko wishes yes Dora no Mario s-sex
c8 and goAnimate yes Warren no you
deserve the 1999 to 2000 school year off
see you in the 2000 to 2001 school year
I got a orange card Oh
Oh Oh oh-oh-oh
Warren cook how many times will you stop
making fake VHS openings I had enough
with your business you're suspended from
this school now I'm calling your dad on
the phone
hi mr. cook do you know what color your
son Warren cook got tell me the color
and tell me what it means
he got an orange card
wait a second Warren
an orange card but what does it mean it
means he is suspended from this school
pick him up
okay I will pick up Warren cook and he
will be mega grounded grounded grounded
grounded grounded grounded grounded
grounded for Trickle max ability I will
be here shortly
Warren cook you were grounded grounded
grounded grounded grounded grounded
grounded grounded for triple max ability
for getting orange curd and getting
suspended let's go home now I got a red
card
rocketed further nine thousands Dora the
explora investigation discovered coming
soon to blu-ray/dvd looney tunes the
fairy odds parents SpongeBob SquarePants
Aladdin owner this marks you as the
world's worst student in school history
you you you you you are a huge huge huge
huge huge huge huge huge trouble
you are now hereby expelled forever and
ever and ever and ever and ever and ever
never never never and ever and ever ever
now get the fuck out of this school
right now
for Kay Wilson I heard you got behavior
cards we hope it is not read um yes
Christopher K Wonsan I cannot believe
you got a red card at school today and
also you got expelled forever today oboe
Joe Joe Joe Joe Joe Joe Joe Joe Joe Joe
Joe Shh
Christopher can Watson you idiot you got
to be kidding me you hope rather hyper
hyper hyper grounded that's it
we'll take all of your things away go
upstairs to your room right now and
never come back to your school ever
again we hate you